i would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their hard work and commitment during the year. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank matt ashley, who stepped down as president and ceo of our north america business in june to take up the position of president and ceo of our uk business on 1 september 2017. i would like to thank matt for effecting a smooth handover and induction for chris, enabling him to get up to speed so quickly. overall, the committee has seen chris make a good start in his new role. the committee reviewed changes in risk affecting the group at both a macro-economic and geopolitical level, as well as other risks affecting the business at an operational level, including cyber security threats and disaster recovery plans. these were considered to be significant taking into account the level of materiality and the degree of judgement exercised by management. the descriptions should be read in conjunction with the independent auditor's report on pages 106 to 113 and the accounting policies disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. we have not provided a description this year (and the external auditor has not reported on them) of the risks associated with taxation, pensions and fuel hedge accounting as these were downgraded from significant to normal risk by deloitte as part of their audit plan for the year. overall, the committee reviewed and challenged management on the group's viability outlook period as well as on the viability analysis and conclusions, and satisfied itself that three years remained appropriate. the group's internal control and risk management systems are essential to enable the group to achieve its objectives, while proper accountability to shareholders requires fair and balanced performance reporting. the committee has also commissioned an external quality assurance review of the function. the purpose is to benchmark its structure and activities against best practice and identify a roadmap to where it should be positioned going forward, aligned with the future needs of the business. ey will undertake the review in early 2018 and i will report on its outcome next year. looking forward i expect 2018 will be another busy year for the board (which it subsequently endorsed) that, taken as a whole, the 2017 annual report is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the necessary information for shareholders to assess the company's position and performance, business model and strategy.
