i would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their hard work and commitment during the year and wish them well for the year ahead. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to thank jean-michel valette and lena wilson for their contribution to the board during the year and wish them well for the year ahead. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to thank jean-michel valette and lena wilson for their contribution to the board during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank jean-michel valette and lena wilson for their contribution to the board during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank jean-michel valette and lena wilson for their contribution to the board during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to andre lacroix and the rest of the executive management team for their hard work and commitment during the year and to my fellow board members for their wise counsel and support.
