i would like to take this opportunity to thank all of the group's employees for their hard work, dedication and commitment over the past year. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank all of our shareholders for their continued support over the past year. the group's listing on aim in july 2017 was a major milestone in the group's development. i am pleased to report that the group has delivered a strong set of results in the year to 31 december 2017 and that the board is confident that the group will continue to make progress in the year ahead. the board is committed to a formal annual board evaluation and it is expected that this will be conducted by way of a questionnaire and chairman interviews during the year. the outcome of this evaluation will be published in the next annual report. the group's current articles of association, which came into effect on 21 june 2017, state that all directors are subject to election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting following their appointment by the board. as all the current directors have not been appointed or re- appointed by the group in a general meeting since their appointment, they will all retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election. at subsequent annual general meetings, one-third of the directors must retire from office (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not exceeding one-third (unless their number is fewer than three, in which case one of them shall retire). additionally, any director not otherwise required to retire from office at an annual general meeting shall do so unless he was appointed or re- appointed as a director at either of the last two general meetings before that meeting. the board is committed to a formal annual board evaluation and it is expected that this will be conducted by way of a questionnaire and chairman interviews during the year. the outcome of this evaluation will be published in the next annual report. annual report and financial statements 2017 3 directors' governance report c o r p o r a te g o v er n a n c e s t a tem ent (c o nt i n u ed ) in between board meetings, the executive directors maintain regular informal contact with the non-executive directors. the board maintains a system of internal controls to safeguard shareholders' investment and the group's assets, and has established a continuous process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks the group faces.
