With varied deployment topologies (in-line or scrubbing)  the SmartWall family of solutions utilise modern DDoS  mitigation architecture to automatically and surgically  remove DDoS attack traffic. The Corero solutions are among the highest  performing in the industry, while providing   the most automatic security coverage at  unprecedented scale with the lowest total   cost of ownership to the customer. Corero enables Service Providers and Cloud  Providers to protect their infrastructure from  DDoS attacks and to deliver high value DDoS  protection services to their customers,  allowing for incremental service revenues. Corero enables revenue protection, customer  retention and competitive differentiation in  the face of DDoS attacks, for Internet Service  Provider, Cloud Provider and Digital Enterprise  customers. Protection is provided in cost effective scaling increments  from 1Gbps to 10Gbps and 100Gbps, to support  bandwidth and inspection requirements. What we do How we do it Our proposition Corero provides dedicated technology for  real-time mitigation of DDoS attacks in  seconds versus minutes, allowing good user  traffic to flow uninterrupted. These services, delivered by  the Corero Security Operations Centre, are customised to  meet the security policy requirements and business goals  of each SmartWall customer that engages in a  SecureWatch service plan. The Corero SecureWatch® service is a tiered offering  comprised of configuration optimisation, monitoring and  mitigation response services. Robust reporting and analytics, powered by Splunk,  transforms sophisticated DDoS event data into easily  consumable dashboards. The Corero Service Portal allows for provider and tenant  visibility for traffic and attack dashboards. Providers can  assign subscriber/tenant service levels and distribute  reporting and analytics to showcase the value of the  protection they are receiving. The Corero SmartProtect program allows for monthly  subscription procurement options to acquire SmartWall  technology.
