The Group operates through   a network of offices in the UK, Continental Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, Africa and the Middle East. The Company is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom. Savills is listed on the London  Stock Exchange and employs 34,429 staff worldwide. Accounting policies The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies   have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated, and are also applicable to the parent Company. 2.2 Use of non-GAAP measures The Group believes that the consistent presentation of underlying profit before tax, underlying effective tax rate, underlying basic earnings  per share and underlying diluted earnings per share provides additional useful information to shareholders on the underlying trends and  comparable performance of the Group over time. These terms are not defined terms under IFRS and may therefore not be comparable with similarly-titled profit  measures reported by other companies. All the adjustments made to the GAAP measures are considered exceptional and/or  non-operational in nature. 2.1 Basis of preparation These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRS  Interpretations Committee interpretations as adopted by the European Union and with those parts of the Companies Act 2006 applicable   to companies reporting under IFRS. The ‘underlying’ measures are also used by Savills for internal performance analysis and  incentive compensation arrangements for employees. The address of its registered office is   33 Margaret Street, London W1G 0JD. 2. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates and for management  to exercise judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or  complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in Note 5. General information Savills plc (the ‘Company’) and its subsidiaries (together the ‘Group’) is a global real estate services Group.
